README.md, before:

# Budget Tracker

  ![licensebadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red)

  ## Description 

  This is a budget tracker for travelers who want to track deposits and withdrawls with or without a data/internet connection. 
  
  
  ## Table of Contents
    
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  
  
  ## Installation
  
  npm i 
  
  
  ## Usage 
  
  When traveling the budget tracker helps individuals maintain an accurate account balance with or without an internet/data connection. 
  

  The user can input withdrawals by filling out the Name of transaction, transaction amount and selecting the Add Funds/Subtract funds buttons. This will also total your transaction amounts. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/add-funds.PNG)


  The transaction is then displayed in the transaction field. 
  
  ![image](/develop/assets/images/transaction.PNG) 
  
  The graph below the transactions, show the transactions over time. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/graph.PNG)

  
  ## Credits
  
  N/A  
  
  
  ## License
  
  MIT

  
  ## Contributing
  
  N/A

  
  ## Tests
  
  You can visit the deployed application at https://pure-ocean-46120.herokuapp.com/ and test it by inputing data while connected to the internet. 
  
  You can then go into Dev tools and simulate no internet connection and you can test input data without the connenction. 
  
  ![image](/develop/assets/images/offline.PNG)

  The offline transaction is stored in the cache waiting for the application to connect to the internet. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/offline-1.PNG)
  
  Once you reconnect to the internet the data will be moved from the devices cache to the on-line application. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/online.PNG)

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/online-1.PNG)


  ## Questions
  For questions you can contact me here:
  * GitHub Username: https://github.com/siwel20/
  * email: plthrock@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated readme with deployed website address

README.md, after:

# Budget Tracker

  ![licensebadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red)

  ## Description 

  This is a budget tracker for travelers who want to track deposits and withdrawls with or without a data/internet connection. 
  
  
  ## Table of Contents
    
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  
  
  ## Installation
  
  None the application is deployed at the following website: https://pure-ocean-46120.herokuapp.com/ 
  
  
  ## Usage 
  
  When traveling the budget tracker helps individuals maintain an accurate account balance with or without an internet/data connection. 
  

  The user can input withdrawals by filling out the Name of transaction, transaction amount and selecting the Add Funds/Subtract funds buttons. This will also total your transaction amounts. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/add-funds.PNG)


  The transaction is then displayed in the transaction field. 
  
  ![image](/develop/assets/images/transaction.PNG) 
  
  The graph below the transactions, show the transactions over time. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/graph.PNG)

  
  ## Credits
  
  N/A  
  
  
  ## License
  
  MIT

  
  ## Contributing
  
  N/A

  
  ## Tests
  
  You can visit the deployed application at https://pure-ocean-46120.herokuapp.com/ and test it by inputing data while connected to the internet. 
  
  You can then go into Dev tools and simulate no internet connection and you can test input data without the connenction. 
  
  ![image](/develop/assets/images/offline.PNG)

  The offline transaction is stored in the cache waiting for the application to connect to the internet. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/offline-1.PNG)
  
  Once you reconnect to the internet the data will be moved from the devices cache to the on-line application. 

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/online.PNG)

  ![image](/develop/assets/images/online-1.PNG)


  ## Questions
  For questions you can contact me here:
  * GitHub Username: https://github.com/siwel20/
  * email: plthrock@gmail.com
